## Design Justification
Design justification (including a brief discussion of at least one alternative you considered)  

One of the things we considered for this design was the possibility of doing if else statements in our main class. We have a class for each of our locations, with each method that a player can perform in each place contained within the respective class. Each of the locations are subclasses of the Building class because they have similar architectures, needing a name and a showOptions() method that shows all of the methods that can be performed in each subclass (inhereting one from Building, exit()).  

In the Player class, there are primarily attributes and a couple of modifiers. We had considered having some other methods in the Player class but ultimately decided against it because the other methods didn't make sense to have been enacted by the player. In an object oriented mindset, it makes more sense for them to be in the other classes. For example, when the player wants to buy something from the cafe, it's really the cafe selling something.  

In the Main class, there's a switch case for when the player is in the Nail Salon. The methods that are unique to the Nail Salon are manicure(), pedicure(), and both(). They each take in a substantial amount of input from the user so that they are allowed to choose things like the color, length, and shape. Initially, we had all of this choosing and input intake in the NailSalon class. We decided to move it to the Main class because the scanners we had going in the NailSalon class were interfering with the ones in the Main class. In order to keep the interactive component, we chose to have all scanners be in Main.  